Please god he will recover well.
Awwwww bless him glad is ok get well soon so scary
Get well soon xx
Usual over the top reaction.
All they are saying is, avoid travelling to or from these areas if you can, it isn't an over all ban.
Bit late.. This incompetent shower of S##T who reside in No 10 have lied to this country from the start
The Sun
Have you got any tips for saving money?
The Sun don’t spend it just steal
Very good, she just needs to sort the dentures out now !
Smiling doesn’t suit some people in her case it looks like someone’s just insulted her and she doesn’t quite understand it
Now the big question is ' Where did I leave my special sock '
I see they never worked, get a refund!
How on earth could Mrs Hinch get anything wrong? She is so perfect in every way possible
Andrew Nash socks are out early
Tina Davey I've nearly filled one already
Ní 
Andrew Nash with her cute alien nose, skin has to move somewhere, it collects on her nose if she smiles.
Andrew Nash and that was a football sock
Ní 
If I was in Mrs hunchs house, I'd have an asthma attack in 3 minutes. She's just a sad chemical addict with ocd. I worry for her children.
Stop destroying the environment you trollop
None of those are strange, they're just standard house rules really.
I’d be moving out and finding else where to live
Having lived in shared accommodation over the years, places need rules even if it is common sense
Apart from the thermostat, I dont think there's anything wrong with the others, my family dont wear outdoor shoes inside,I think he just wants the house to be looked after by tenants.his do's and don'ts are common sense really.
Sheldon Cooper does exist after all...
Sounds like Sheldon from Big Bang Theory
I’m guessing all bills are included, hence the hearing thing.
Apart from the bit about the thermostat most of that makes perfect sense. If you think that is strict then you probably have a problem holding down a job as you consider getting there on time as unreasonable.
Stacey Butler should upload yours even worst then this
can’t have people stay over even for one night
It's his house
I0 Rillington place shussssh you might end in the wall paper
So they all shagged him for nothing then
Serves them right
Kev Callaghan he had the last laugh
74,I'm not surprised he passed,he must of been knackered keeping up with all of them,
They probably didn't expect a penny. Just there for the fun whilst it lasted
As USA host Jerry Springer used to say, “You inevitably get treated the WAY you ALLOW yourself to be treated” just have to look back at the ‘fun’ while it lasted, ‘fraid to say !
Legend..
Hahahahaha brutal. He had the last laugh
Shouldn't show everything off
Everything they showed off on social media has gone.
Easylie know whereabouts of them Coz the post everything where and when lol if I was a career crim it's Similarly like stalking but the out come they loose their stuff
The Sun
Will you be trying this out?
The wife showed me to do this years ago or everything in the wash goes in the cover and ends up in a ball oh and don’t put coloured things in a white wash i learned this my self after I had to buy the wife new clothes after everything went grey I am su… Zobrazit víc
I have to wash my sheets on a regular basis due to excessive certain stains
Does she only have 1 duvet set??? And is she sponsored by aeriel?
She put them in the dishwasher instead saves you the click
eczema? drink wine...
And you have been wearing your head wrong.
Ffs does parenting really make you this dull
Her parents must be so proud.
Her mum has done similar, she attacked a landlord
I was just going to say their probably the same and then seen your comment
Her behaviour is completely unacceptable.
Drunk is no excuse for this. Dont wish her any more harm than court decides but hope she sincerely apologises to this guy and seriously reconsiders drinking in future if that's what it brings out of her.
And so she should be discusting behavior
Life Ban from all pubs period there's no room in todays society for that kind of behaviour drunk or not
“She is definitely not racist”. Hmm. Not seen the video then?
Absolutely shameful....
Not a nice girl at all
Mouth like a sewer rat and a spitter it’s a no from me.
A couple of months time she’ll be in the Sun saying she’s making £10k a month on OnlyFans.
Ffs rewarding bad behavior again no wonder no one as hope for our justice system
Alleluia
Good
I thought you normally get punished for stuff like this?
As they should
people need to be careful with what they say or do. Drunk or not, those are the thoughts she has everyday but she’s fully aware that they’re not socially acceptable. When your drunk, you show the type of person you really are.
despit… Zobrazit víc
good
She should be made to come to Birmingham everyday. This way she would be punished more
Discusting
Good
Why on earth would you reward her for such poor behaviour?
That nice. But more justice
Good
Maybe she was quoted out of context ??
There's a job for her here in London as my sex slave. Put that gob to better use.
if only they took the same sort of mentality for pedos like mark feely etc that would be great
As much as we may all well agree with her ‘banning’ I doubt that it’s something that is realistically achievable.
Roadblocks on all the routes in and out of the City to prevent her coming back?
Check every car and train carriage?
… Zobrazit víc
Her mum was arrested for punching a bar man & damaging furniture last year - great role model
Lol the worlds gone mad
So hope this is true. Missed him not the same without him, hardly watch it now.
Hazel Roper it's better without a bully
Pat McGahon Jr. if you think a presenter having a different opinion on someone who he was NOT interviewing makes him a bully somehow, really need to give their head a wobble!!
Pat McGahon Jr. who was the Bully??.....
Ash She Piers Morgan was the bully who bullied Meghan so much that it was the most complained about TV moment of all time, they will never have him back.
Ash She He can't handle the truth and is always sulking e.g. he blocked me on Twitter when I asked him why he likes bullying a pregnant woman.
Pat McGahon Jr. blocked you on Twitter
where you stalking him??......on serious note, just because they people do not like his opinion, it does not make him in the wrong!!
We are all individuals are we not?
Ash She Hate is not an opinion actually
Pat McGahon Jr. what HATE??......I think you need to understand what the difference between HATE, opinion & interviewing all are!!
Just because someone disagrees with you it is not HATE!
Hazel Roper It's just the Sun again misleading headlines
Margaret Williamson not at you love but the sun .
Hazel Roper OK thought I said something wrong
Ash She He HATES Meghan and he mocked her voice and bulled her hence the record number of complaints
Oh my days Peers you are most welcome back, fight back mate, say what you say just be clever with your answers- we are listening matey, the rest are bunch of of hypocrites: 3 cheers for Peers hip, hip, hooray
I would have voted for it at one time but not now. Without Piers its not worth watching!!
They will only let him back if he doesn't speak about the Merkle...She wants the media not to question or criticize her and they are bowing down to her.
He lost his job because he told the true.
he hasnt returned there just using old clips to get people to vote cause they know they dont stand a chance now without him, cause if they did they would use clips without him in them, piers was GMB
I would miss Susanna more. She is a goddess
Terrible show without him.
Stopped watching when he left and still haven’t watched it.
I wont be voting for them!! Piers was the best thing about it